Add tutorials in 'OpenSearch now supports DeepSeek chat models' Blog (#3592)
opensearch-project/project-website: _posts/2025-01-28-OpenSearch-Now-Supports-DeepSeek-Chat-Models.md

  }
}
```

> ## Tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tutorials

```

> Following are the tutorials for integrating retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) in Amazon OpenSearch with [DeepSeek Chat Model](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/api/create-chat-completion) and [DeepSeek R1 Model](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following tutorials guide you through integrating RAG in Amazon OpenSearch Service with the [DeepSeek chat model](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/api/create-chat-completion) and [DeepSeek R1 model](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1):
```

- [OpenSearch + DeepSeek Service API](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_Chat_model.md)

> - [OpenSearch + DeepSeek on Bedrock](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_R1_model_on_Bedrock.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch + DeepSeek on Amazon Bedrock](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_R1_model_on_Bedrock.md)
```

> - [OpenSearch + DeepSeek on Sagemaker](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_R1_model_on_Sagemaker.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch + DeepSeek on Amazon SageMaker](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_R1_model_on_Sagemaker.md)
```

  }
}
```
## Tutorials

> The following tutorials guide you through integrating RAG in OpenSearch with the [DeepSeek chat model](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/api/create-chat-completion) and [DeepSeek R1 model](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tutorials guide you through integrating RAG in OpenSearch with the [DeepSeek chat model](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/api/create-chat-completion) and [DeepSeek R1 model](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1):

```

> - [OpenSearch + DeepSeek Service API](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_Chat_model.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch + DeepSeek chat Service API](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_Chat_model.md)
```

- [OpenSearch + DeepSeek on Amazon Bedrock](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_R1_model_on_Bedrock.md)

> - [OpenSearch + DeepSeek on Amazon SageMaker](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_R1_model_on_Sagemaker.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch + DeepSeek R1 on Amazon SageMaker](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/main/docs/tutorials/aws/RAG_with_DeepSeek_R1_model_on_Sagemaker.md)
```
